DataGrid/Gantt: Rewrite PDF troubleshooting topic (#7630)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/80 Troubleshooting/15 PDF Export Issues/00 Export Unicode Characters/00 Gantt/15 Implement the Font in exportGantt().md

> As an alternative, you can add a font to your PDF exports by implementing the [GanttExportOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/GanttExportOptions/).[font](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/GanttExportOptions/font/) property. Assign a Base64-encoded font file to **font**.[fontObject](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/GanttExportOptions/font/#fontObject) and specify **font**.[name](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/GanttExportOptions/font/#name):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative, you can use the [GanttExportOptions](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/GanttExportOptions/).[font](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/GanttExportOptions/font/) property to add a font to your PDF exports. Assign a Base64-encoded font file to **font**.[fontObject](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/GanttExportOptions/font/#fontObject) and specify **font**.[name](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/GanttExportOptions/font/#name):
```
